---
title: 'Signale in der modernen Webentwicklung'
description: 'Was sind Signale in der modernen Webentwicklung?'
pubDate: 'Sep 05 2023'
heroImage: '/signale.png'
---

In modern web development, signals refer to various types of data that can be used to improve the performance and user
experience of a website. These signals can come from a variety of sources, including social media, user behavior, and
search engine algorithms. For example, social network signals can improve the search output of a web resource, allowing
libraries to effectively perform their information management functions
1
. In the context of health-related telemonitoring, signals refer to the biological variables that are remotely monitored
by wearable technologies, such as heart and respiratory rate, physical activity, electrocardiography, body temperature,
blood pressure, and glucose
2
. In the development of ultrasonic repellers, computer vision technology is used to detect synanthropic organisms and
broadcast low-frequency ultrasound signals to repel them
3
. Overall, signals play an important role in modern web development by providing valuable data that can be used to
optimize website performance and user experience.

Signals are a programming paradigm that enables developers to create custom events and event listeners within their
JavaScript code. They allow for complete decoupling between logic and UI, making code more modular and easier to
maintain. Signals are increasingly getting popular and are a part of many modern web frameworks, such as Solid.js,
Preact, Qwik, and Vue.js. Signals are the most atomic part of a reactive application. They're observable values that
have an initial value and provide getter and setter. Signals are similar to useState() in React, but they return a
getter and a setter, whereas non-reactive systems return a value (and a setter). Signals make state management more
convenient and offer a more reactive approach to updating values in a program that are subject to change. When a value
is updated, everything that uses that value is also updated. Signals have greatly improved their DX in recent years
through clever compiler tricks and deep integration with JSX, which makes them very useful in modern web development.

## Literatur

[^SolidJs]: Carniato, Ryan. Solid.js
https://www.solidjs.com/.